
=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Doodle::Table

=cut

=head1 ABSTRACT

Doodle Table Class

=cut

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Doodle::Table;

  my $self = Doodle::Table->new(
    name => 'users'
  );

=cut

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Database table representation. This class consumes the
L<Doodle::Table::Helpers> role.

=cut

=head1 METHODS

This package implements the following methods.

=cut

=head2 column

  column(Str $name, Any @args) : Column

Returns a new Column object.

=over 4

=item column example

  my $column = $self->column;

=back

=cut

=head2 create

  create(Any %args) : Command

Registers a table create and returns the Command object.

=over 4

=item create example

  my $create = $self->create;

=back

=cut

=head2 delete

  delete(Any %args) : Command

Registers a table delete and returns the Command object.

=over 4

=item delete example

  my $delete = $self->delete;

=back

=cut

=head2 index

  index(ArrayRef :$columns, Any %args) : Index

Returns a new Index object.

=over 4

=item index example

  my $index = $self->index(columns => ['email', 'password']);

=back

=cut

=head2 relation

  relation(Str $column, Str $ftable, Str $fcolumn, Any %args) : Relation

Returns a new Relation object.

=over 4

=item relation example

  my $relation = $self->relation('profile_id', 'profiles', 'id');

=back

=cut

=head2 rename

  rename(Any %args) : Command

Registers a table rename and returns the Command object.

=over 4

=item rename example

  my $rename = $self->rename;

=back

=cut
